Background/context: This is an amendment request to a Public Rental Housing (PRH) application held with the Hong Kong Housing Authority. The Housing Authority contact address is: Hong Kong Housing Authority, Applications Sub-section, Housing Department, P.O. Box 89192, Kowloon City Post Office, Hong Kong. For Official Use by HD Only: For Official Use by HD Only:. Amendment of Public Rental Housing (PRH) Application Information (Address, Contact Telephone Number, Choice of District and Others). PRH Application No. (if applicable): *G/U / 12345678. You may apply for amending more than one item, please put a "✓" in appropriate box(es). (Please refer to Note 1 at back page)

(I) Change of Hong Kong Address: New residential address (checked): Flat 12A, 3/F, Block B, Hong Mei Building, 123 King's Road, North Point, Hong Kong. (Please submit a copy of any latest documents (such as an electricity bill or a water bill) bearing the Applicant's name and Hong Kong residential address in Chinese / English.) New correspondence address (not checked): N/A.

(II) Change of Hong Kong Contact Telephone No.: Hong Kong Mobile Tel. No. (for receiving SMS issued by the Hong Kong Housing Authority) (checked): 91234567. Other Hong Kong Contact Tel. No. (1) (not checked): N/A. Other Hong Kong Contact Tel. No. (2) (not checked): N/A.

(III) Change of Choice of District (Please put a "✓" in one single box as appropriate): Extended Urban (checked) (including Tung Chung, Shatin, Ma On Shan, Tseung Kwan O, Tsuen Wan, Kwai Chung and Tsing Yi). New Territories (not checked) (including Tuen Mun, Yuen Long, Tin Shui Wai, Sheung Shui, Fanling and Tai Po). Islands (not checked) (excluding Tung Chung). Urban (not checked) (including Hong Kong Island and Kowloon) (Please refer to Note 3 at back page).

(IV) Joining the Harmonious Families Priority Scheme (ONLY applicable to registered PRH applicants): Opting to live with the elderly in the same unit (not checked). Opting to live in two nearby units (checked) (Related Application No. G/12345678).

(V) Request for Cancellation of Application: Cancellation of application (checked) (Request for reinstatement of the above application number by the applicant will not be accepted in future.).

(VI) Request for Reinstatement of Application: (1) cancelled for exceeding the prescribed household income and/or net asset limit(s) after six months and within two years from the date on which the application is cancelled for the first time (checked). (2) disqualified for failing to inform the Housing Department for the change of place of residence within one year from the date of the cancellation of the application. (not checked)

(VII) Other Issues (If apply for addition of family members, please use Form HD10-1E; for deletion of family members, please use Form HD10-2E): Other amendment item (checked): Update of emergency contact details. Reason: To reflect current household circumstances and ensure correct contact in case of emergency.

Declaration: I hereby declare that: I/We agree that when vetting my/our application, the Hong Kong Housing Authority (HA), Housing Department (HD) and Hong Kong Housing Society (HKHS) have the right to compare and match the personal data provided in the Application Form with the relevant personal data collected (manually or otherwise) for other purposes in order to ascertain whether such information is false or misleading, and may take appropriate actions against the person(s) concerned on the basis of the result of the data comparison and matching. I/We also authorise the HA, HD and HKHS to disclose the information concerned to other relevant government departments, public / private organisations / companies (including but not limited to the Urban Renewal Authority (URA), the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority (MPFA), banks and financial institutions), or the employers concerned for verification and matching of such information. Furthermore, I/we agree that any government departments, public / private organisations / companies (including but not limited to the URA, MPFA), banks and financial institutions), or the employers concerned may furnish my/our personal data (including but not limited to marital status and MPF contribution records) in their possession to the HA, HD and HKHS for the purpose of comparing and matching the information provided in this Application Form. The personal data provided may also be used by the HA, HD and relevant Government bureaux / departments for conducting statistical surveys and researches. I/We also agree that the HA, HD and HKHS may pass this Application Form and the document(s) submitted by me/us to HA’s data processing service contractor for processing my/our application, and that the information provided may be passed to HA Hotline / 1823 for answering my/our enquiries; upon allocation of a PRH unit, I/we agree that my/our personal data and all correspondences relating to the PRH application will be transferred to the relevant estate office (including the property management services contractor) for the implementation of housing policies / requirements and enforcement of the tenancy conditions of the PRH unit allocated.

Signature of Applicant: CHAN TAI MAN (must be the same as that on the PRH application form). H.K.I.C. No.: A123456 (7). Name of Applicant: CHAN TAI MAN. Date (dd/mm/yy): 17 / 05 / 26.

* Please delete if inapplicable.