Background/context: This document is an application form for booking facilities at the East Kowloon Cultural Centre for Ordinary, Late or Special Bookings of Incubator 1, 2 or 3. It contains Important Notes for applicants, an office-use-only section with identifiers, and two parts for applicant details depending on whether the applicant is an individual or an organisation.

Important Notes: (1) Please read the Booking Arrangements, Conditions of Use and Scale of Hire Charges before completing this application form. (2) Applicant shall ensure the observance by himself, his servants and agents and by all other persons admitted to any facilities hired by him of the Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance (Cap. 132) and all subsidiary legislation made thereunder, the provisions of all applicable laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and requirements and regulations imposed from time to time by the relevant authorities applicable to the booking and/or in connection with the booking application. (3) The Leisure and Cultural Services Department (hereinafter referred to as “the Department”) reserves the right to accept or decline a booking application, or to cancel or terminate a confirmed booking. Applicant shall indemnify the Department and the Government of The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (hereinafter referred to as “the Government”) and keep the Department and the Government fully and effectively indemnified against any and all losses, claims, damages, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities, demands, proceedings and actions which the Department and the Government may sustain or incur or which may be brought or established against it by any person and which in any case arises out of or in relation to or by reason of declining a booking application, or cancelling or terminating a confirmed booking. (4) Part I to Part V, Part VII and Declaration are mandatory parts (marked with #). Booking application may not be considered further should applicant fail to complete these parts in full. Any subsequent changes after confirmation of the booking have to be approved by the Department. The Department reserves the right to cancel or terminate a confirmed booking should there be substantial deviation from the original booking application.

For office use only: Hirer I.D.: EKCC-20260517-001. Application No.: APP-20260517-789.

Section A (to be completed if Applicant is an individual): Applicant type: Individual is selected; Organisation is not selected. Name of Applicant: Mr. is not selected; Ms. is selected. English name: surname Lee, given name Anna. Chinese name: surname 李, given name 安娜. Identification: Hong Kong Identity Card No. is selected; Passport No. is not selected. The first four characters provided are A123. Address: Flat 12A, 123 Hennessy Road, Wan Chai. Region: H.K. is not selected; Kowloon is selected; N.T. is not selected. Contact information (individual): Tel: +852 9123 4567; Fax: +852 2345 6789; Email: anna.lee@example.com.

Section B (to be completed if Applicant is an organisation): Name of Organisation: Harmony Arts Foundation / 和諧藝術基金 (Registered English/Chinese Name). Nature of Organisation: Commercial is not selected; Non-commercial is selected; Government Bureau/Department is not selected. Form of Registration: Business Registration is not selected; Registered under Companies Ordinance Cap. 622 is not selected; Charitable Institution or Trust of a Public Character is selected; Registration of School is not selected; Others: __________ (no entry). Address of Organisation: Room 210, 200 Hennessy Road, Wan Chai, H.K. Name of Signatory: Mr. is selected; Ms. is not selected. Signatory’s English name: surname Chan, given name John. Signatory’s Chinese name: surname 陳, given name 志明. Position held by signatory: Executive Director. Contact information (organisation): Tel: +852 9876 5432; Fax: +852 8765 4321; Email: john.chan@harmonyarts.hk.