This checklist accompanies an instructor application for Ace Driving Academy. The instructor applicant is Jordan A. Smith. Driver License ID Number: S12345678; State: State; NY. All of the following documents must be submitted with EACH instructor application. Select from the content below.

Completed Driving School Instructor Application (MV-523): checked. Test Results for the applicant named above: checked. Original Written Test answer sheet (MV-367) with Test version indicated at the top: checked. Original Road Sign Examination Chart answer sheet (DTP-2004A): checked. Original Road Test Evaluation (MV-501) for instructors certified to teach in cars. If the instructor applicant will be teaching in other types of vehicles, you must include the appropriate test forms for each type of vehicle. Use form MV-501 for motorcycles. Use form CDL-200 for trucks, buses, and/or tractor trailers.: checked. If you are amending a current instructor's certification, include only the ORIGINAL road test forms for the new vehicle certification type.: checked. Certification of Driving School Instructor Test Results (DTP-424): unchecked. Instructor Applicant's Qualifications and Identity: checked. One (1) photograph of instructor applicant taken within the last 30 days: checked. Copy of High School Diploma or General Equivalency Diploma (GED). Note: If this is a foreign diploma, you must contact a New York State-approved evaluator of official documents to obtain the verification required. A current list of approved evaluators is posted on the Department of Civil Service's website: http://www.cs.ny.gov/jobseeker/degrees.cfm Please note that we accept ONLY the evaluations performed by these approved evaluators. Any costs or fees for these evaluations are your responsibility.: checked. Original Vision Test Report (MV-619) completed following the instructions on the form: checked. Copy of 30-hour Basic Instructor's Course completion certificate, if completed at this time: checked. Certified Abstract — If the applicant holds an out-of-state license, please attach a certified abstract of the driver license record: checked. Fee: For original applicants only, please remit a check or money order payable to the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles in the amount of ten dollars( 10). We cannot accept cash or starter checks.: checked.

Send this completed checklist along with all required documents to: New York State Department of Motor Vehicles, Bureau of Driver Training Programs, Certification & Oversight Unit, 6 Empire State Plaza, Room 327, Albany, NY 12228.