Background/context: This document is a Power of Attorney authorization related to the International Registration Plan (IRP) for business use. It explains revocation rights, names the parties involved, provides contact information, and includes notarization details for the authorization of an agent to act on behalf of the principal with respect to IRP matters.

This Power of Attorney can be revoked by the Principal at any time, upon written notification to IRB. If you are revoking a prior Power of Attorney by executing this Power of Attorney, or if you subsequently revoke this Power of Attorney, you should provide written notice of the revocation to your prior agent(s) and you must provide written notification to the IRB.

The undersigned PRINCIPAL hereby appoints the AGENT designated below, to act as an authorized IRP representative of the PRINCIPAL for the purpose of providing and receiving International Registration Plan (IRP) information, and for performing all acts the PRINCIPAL can perform as a New York State IRP registrant with respect to the IRP.

PRINCIPAL (IRB Account Holder): Principal (Print name of motor carrier): Acme Trucking LLC. IRP Account Number: IRP-123456.

BY, (If Principal is a business organization, print name of person authorized to sign this POA on behalf of the organization) (Print name here): Jane Doe. Signature of Principal or person authorized to sign this POA on behalf of the business: Jane Doe.

Principal's Business Address: 123 Main St. City: Albany. State: selection includes AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, and NY; NY is checked. Zip Code: 12207.

Title (check one box): OWNER is checked; CORPORATE OFFICER is unchecked; PARTNER of PARTNERSHIP is unchecked; MANAGING MEMBER is unchecked.

Date (mm/dd/yy): 04/15/2026. Telephone Number: (518) 555-0100 ext. 101. Email Address: jane.doe@acmetrucking.com.

Corporate Seal: Affixed.

AGENT (IRP Representative): Agent (Print name): Global IRP Services, Inc. Signature of Representative: Michael Smith.

Representative's Street Address: 500 Commerce Blvd, Suite 200. City: Albany. State: NY. Zip Code: 12205.

Title of Appointed Representative: Authorized IRP Representative.

Date (mm/dd/yy): 04/16/2026. Telephone Number: (518) 555-0200 ext. 200. Email Address: m.smith@globalirp.com.

STATE OF: New York. SS.: ss. COUNTY OF: Albany.

On the 15 day of April, in the year of 20 2026, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Jane Doe, Owner. N/A (Print name of PRINCIPAL or person authorized to sign this POA on behalf of the business) (Title).

The individual was personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual whose name is subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that the individual executed the same in the individual's capacity, and that by the individual's signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument. Jane Doe personally known to me and acknowledged executing the instrument on behalf of Acme Trucking LLC.

Maria L. Perez, Notary Public. Notary Public. NOTARY SEAL: Seal affixed.