When a transferable registration is not available, this form may be used: to establish ownership for a vehicle which is not required by law to be titled (for example, an all-terrain vehicle or limited use motorcycle); or as a substitute for lost proof of ownership for the purpose of registering or transferring ownership of a non-titled vehicle (including an historical vehicle), boat, snowmobile or ATV that is not required by law to be titled.

Check one of the following that describes the reason you are completing this form: I am registering this non-titled vehicle (which is not an historical, classical or exhibition vehicle) in my name; I am registering an historical vehicle in my name; I am registering a non-titled boat in my name; I am registering a snowmobile in my name; I am registering an ATV in my name. The option selected is: I am registering an ATV in my name. There is also an option for transferring this vehicle, boat, snowmobile or ATV to another person (checkbox present), and the Name of New Owner listed is John A. Smith.

N/A appears in the form above the address, and the address provided is 123 Main St, Springfield, IL 62704 (Address).

Year of last registration: Never registered. Previous license plate number (if any): None. Check here if never registered (this checkbox is checked).

Vehicle details are: Year: 2020; Make and Model: Polaris Sportsman 570; Body Type: All-Terrain Vehicle (ATV). Cylinders/Type of Power: Single cylinder / Gas. Color: Red. Unladen Weight / Max Gross Weight: 600 lbs / 1200 lbs.

OR OR Vehicle Identification No. (VIN): 5Y4AM1111L0000001. Hull Identification No. (HIN): N/A. Snowmobile Vehicle Identification No. (SVIN): N/A.

Please read and sign the following certification for registration statement. I John A. Smith certify that I am (we are) the owner(s) of the non-titled property described above. N/A appears in the print name(s) field. This property has been in my (our) possession since 05/17/2026. N/A is shown next to Month/Day/Year.

It was acquired from Acme Motors LLC. N/A appears next to Name of Former Owner. The Address of Former Owner is 456 Commerce Blvd, Springfield, IL 62701. The proof of ownership is unavailable because: The previous registration and any title documents were lost and cannot be located.

This statement is made for the purpose of obtaining a registration for the non-titled property described above and is subject to approval of the DMV office manager. Additional proof of ownership may be required.

Signature line shows: John A. Smith    Owner    05/17/2026. The form instructions read: Signature (Sign name in full). If registering for a corporation, give your title. Date.